Fix pagination link for extensions (#336)
opencontainers/distribution-spec: extensions/README.md

## Pagination

> Extensions implementing pagination and SHOULD align with the [pagination](../spec.md#content-discovery) specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions implementing pagination, to limit the size of a list returned in a response, SHOULD consider aligning with the [pagination pattern described in the content discovery portion](../spec.md#content-discovery) of the specification.
```
